Add Burnish Components — Lit 3 components for structured data (#90)
web-padawan/awesome-lit-html: README.md

- [AgnosticUI](https://github.com/AgnosticUI/agnosticui) - A CLI-based UI component library that copies Lit web components directly into your project. Full React and Vue wrappers for native framework experience.
- [Apollo Elements](https://github.com/apollo-elements/apollo-elements) - Custom elements meet Apollo GraphQL.
- [Blackstone UI](https://github.com/kjantzer/bui) - Web components for creating interfaces built with lit-html and LitElement.

> - [Burnish Components](https://github.com/danfking/burnish) - 10 components for rendering structured data as UI — cards, tables, charts, stat bars, forms, pipelines, messages, sections, metrics, actions. Drives the [Burnish Explorer](https://burnish-demo.fly.dev) but works standalone in any app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Burnish Components](https://github.com/danfking/burnish/tree/main/packages/components) - Web components for rendering MCP tool-call output as UI.
```
